Modify S6471(docker): Improve fix section (#3183)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6471/docker/rule.adoc

USER nonroot
----

> For multi-stage builds, the non-root user should be on the last layer:

Reviewer: "For multi-stage builds, a non-root user should be created and set in the last stage." 
Is this more correct, or did you really mean the last layer?

Author: correct ! thanks

[source,docker]
----
FROM alpine as builder
COPY Makefile ./src /
RUN make build

FROM alpine as runtime
RUN addgroup -S nonroot \
    && adduser -S nonroot -G nonroot
COPY --from=builder bin/production /app
USER nonroot
ENTRYPOINT ["/app/production"]
----

If the `scratch` Dockerfile untars a Linux distribution, the "Linux image"

> solution should be applied. +

Reviewer: IMO, I would simplify this as a whole:
* 'If the `scratch` Dockerfile untars a Linux distribution, the "Linux image" solution should be applied'
  * Integrate this in the "Linux image" solution instead.
* 'Here is a solution where a `passwd` file is stored right next to the source code and copied into the resulting image:'
  * This doesn't seem very clean, I would drop this.

What remains is an explanation that when you have `scratch` as a base image, you cannot add any users. Therefore, you introduce an extra build stage to add the group and user, and then later copy over `/etc/passwd` (with one example below it).

Author: totally aligned

USER nonroot
----

For multi-stage builds, the non-root user should be on the last stage:

[source,docker]
----
FROM alpine as builder
COPY Makefile ./src /
RUN make build

FROM alpine as runtime
RUN addgroup -S nonroot \
    && adduser -S nonroot -G nonroot
COPY --from=builder bin/production /app
USER nonroot
ENTRYPOINT ["/app/production"]
----

With `FROM scratch` as the base image, it is not possible to add non-privileged
users by default. To do this, add an additionnal build stage to add the group

> and user, and later copy `/etc/passswd`.

Author: ```suggestion
and user, and later copy `/etc/passwd`.
```

> Here is an example of copying a `passwd` file that defines a user that is
> generated using `adduser` in an earlier build stage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example that generates a user using `adduser`, which adds the user to the `passwd` file, in the first stage. In the next stage, this user is added by copying that file:
```
This also reads better IMO, feel free to adjust.

Author: I think I want to keep what you suggested, even if it repeats it reads clearer. Also I follow a music youtuber who says "repetition legitimizes" so I feel like it's ok... Even if it's not music hahaha
